README.md, before:

# Project Description
Cooking confessions has a curated data set of different recipes which are catehorized into four categories. Users are able to view the available recipes after loading the site and can then click to view one full recipe in a different section and then add a comment to it. Users can also choose which category to view.

# How to launch project
Within the github about section of the repository you can find a link that will direct you to the site.

# Author
Joseph Kinyuru

# Title
# Cooking Confessions

# Project setup
- JavaScript
- HTML
- CSS
- Render API 

# Lisence
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Joseph Kinyuru

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# Copywrite
* © Joseph Kinyuru Okutoyi
* All rights reserved.

# Want to use some of the code ?
Feel free to use the code as long as you follow the lisence and copywrite agreement.

## Developer Notes
In javascript the functions are made in a connected loop and can be sensitive if deployed to handle heavy applications or heavy data from APIs 
The code is best used for small applications with minimum requirements or if you really need it for heavy work you should look nto tweaking the function renderFullRecipe but do so carefully.

## Like the code ?
* Feel free to send money yo my paypal the email is josephkinyuru22@gmail.com

Commit message:

Instructions on how to launch site added

README.md, after:

# Project Description
Cooking confessions has a curated data set of different recipes which are catehorized into four categories. Users are able to view the available recipes after loading the site and can then click to view one full recipe in a different section and then add a comment to it. Users can also choose which category to view.

# How to launch project
Within the github about section of the repository you can find a link that will direct you to the site.
* The site might take some time to load after clicking the link if it fails to load you can fork the repository and use live server on the html file this will also take sometime to load due to render api

# Author
Joseph Kinyuru

# Title
# Cooking Confessions

# Project setup
- JavaScript
- HTML
- CSS
- Render API 

# Lisence
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Joseph Kinyuru

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# Copywrite
* © Joseph Kinyuru Okutoyi
* All rights reserved.

# Want to use some of the code ?
Feel free to use the code as long as you follow the lisence and copywrite agreement.

## Developer Notes
In javascript the functions are made in a connected loop and can be sensitive if deployed to handle heavy applications or heavy data from APIs 
The code is best used for small applications with minimum requirements or if you really need it for heavy work you should look nto tweaking the function renderFullRecipe but do so carefully.

## Like the code ?
* Feel free to send money yo my paypal the email is josephkinyuru22@gmail.com
